Wk1
1. Choose team project topic, the group formed and deciding programming language.
2. I set up Jira accounts and wrote a draft of the user story section of the proposal. 
3. Draw a prototype of user interface on paper and discussed with the developer to ensure front-end HTML design
matched with the user story.
4. I planned to finished proposal next week, post everything to Jira and assign the task to developers.

Wk2
1. Finished the proposal --- background, User story, prototype
2. Wrote accpetance creteria for each user story to guide developers how to coding. 
2. Arranged meeting with team members and go through the proposal, make sure everyone knows the 


Wk3
1. Setting up the envionment
2. Dicsussing with yefeng niu, ensure the HTML static design contains the neccessary functions we need. 
3. Double check if the required functionality are met and submit the proposal. 

Wk4
1. Introduced the accpetance creteria of the user story in sprint 1.
2. Arrange daily meeting and follow up the progress.
2. Prepare for demo A on Tuesday, planned to test all functionality for sprint1 after it completed.

Wk5
1.  Got fever on tuesday, so Siyao Jiang presented the demoA instead of me. 
2.  Test the functionality for sprint2 by week 6 monday, so we can have retro meeting and discuss what went well, what should be improved on monday 6:00pm.
3.  Told developers the problmes that i found out, and ask them to update. 

Wk6
1. Arrange retrospective meeting on monday and submit the retrospective meeting document.
2. Click the jira user story "done" once the user story are complected and been fully tested.

Wk7
1. Prepare for demoB
2. Write retrospective B report and have group meeting after demoB
3. Check functionality
4. Help to design the recommendation algorithnm.

Wk8
1. All user story had been finished and need to test the functionality on cloud server.
2. Start on writing report.
3. Communicated with backend. frontend and database developer to discuss the challenge we met
4. Help to test the user manaual for setting up the envrionment.

Wk9
1. Check the functionality match with user story ornot, if user story have anything misleading, change the word.
2. Writing the report
